gnome-breakout is an Arkonoid clone I wrote over a decade ago. It landed me
my first full time job as a developer.

I've put the code up on github for archival.

Original README follows.

===

This is a development release of a GNOME clone of the classic arcade game,
Breakout. Some common questions:

Q: Just what is Breakout, anyway?
A: Play the game, and find out.

Q: It's been quite a while since the last release. What's up?
A: I'm now employed. Instead of coding for the fame, glory, and sex appeal
   that isn't generally associated with the Open Source coder, I'm doing it
   for money. Which can buy all three.

Q: Is this release playable?
A: Yes. Unlike some programmers, I don't like making a million so called
   "development releases" which contain nothing more than a couple of header
   files. This is a development release which, hopefully, people will actually
   want to develop.

Q: Doesn't GNOME have enough games?
A: You can never have enough games.

Q: Are you going to ever write anything useful in C? First ripple, now this.
A: I have, but I doubt that my previous employer would like it if I gave the
   world the source. Which is a pity, because they were really useful bits of
   code.

Q: I'd like to write some more levels for GNOME Breakout. How can I do this?
A: Take a look at the .gbl files in the levels directory. At the moment
   there's no documentation for creating levels, but it's pretty 
   straightforward.

Q: I've played both Arkanoid and Breakout to death, and this doesn't have half
   the features of either. Whats up?
A: I haven't gotten around to them yet. If you'd like to see a certain feature,
   either write it yourself or mail me with your idea. If I like it, I'll
   implement it myself. 

Q: File foo.c impliments glaring-design-bug-bar. Why is this?
A: It does? Oh. I didn't know that. Either re-impliment it properly, or tell
   me about it so I can re-impliment it myself.

Q: GNOME Breakout's behavior is non-GNOME-compliant. What are you going to do
   about this?
A: Again, either re-impliment it, or tell me about it. I've tried to make this
   as GNOME-compliant as possible, but it is my first GNOME project.

Q: You just made these questions up, didn't you?
A: Yes.

A: 42.
Q: I'll get back to you on that..
